This tattered piece of paper is the most precious black gold invitation
That's impossible.
Did you read it wrong?
Another poor scammer
How can there be an invitation?
It can't be wrong.
Is this the black gold invitation?
That's impossible.
You, a fraudster, said to get through the black gold invitation.
Invitation to insult black gold
Should come out
Sir?
I was wrong, please have a lot.
They insult you.
Lifetime ban on squadrons
I just called someone to kick them out
If you dare, we will ask for money again.
Just you, knife and robbery?
How can it compare to this guy's black gold robbery?
Now I can go in.
Of course not.
What are you?
You can also attend my Wang Ming feast
Sun Shao still has black gold invitations?
To invite the lord
Liu Junsheng asked our grandson to handle the two of you.
Send it out and you
Why so serious
A broken waste
Also worthy of walking with us
We're in the audience.
And you
End up being sanitation
I said, how can you go?
New hatred
Dare to calculate